anarchy screening questions I know you
are very quick game played that before
you haven't done before I'm gonna try
and speed through it so people actually
finish the video so right here at the
prototype for drinking quest truly
communities which has all three games of
how gameplay works set up is about two
minutes so you grab a pre-baked
character car to give you your stats you
just fill your character because
everything's chosen for you they're for
balanced characters and that's game
all right there's my character to my
player named Chad there he's playing
struggle walks the Barbarian my fellow
player Eric Carles playing his dagger in
the elven wage so basically how the game
works
so each game has four themed questions
so it's just four piles of cards in a
cart so quest one will always be the
easiest it gets harder as the game goes
on it's always randomized so it's a
different series of events so basically
on your turn you just pick up a card
will you get monster under saving
children it's a monster it's a
one-on-one fight to the death
see there's in it the coins and
experienced trouble you're drinking
media person to your right or the other
player two player game controls the
monster and it might be expect one hit
kill battle there might last ten minutes
of non-aligned four trucks waiting here
so we're just gonna do this so let's say
I picked up this car and it's a hungover
goblin so we roll for initiative to see
you goes first so whoever gets the
highest I roll tie goes to hero and then
let's say my tag is these six plus one
is character cute I've got a six do six
damage to the hungover Goblin and he has
no defense we would take six damage this
kills him so that's a pretty easy one so
I get the coins experience market on my
sheep before I pick up a card on my turn
I can use the coins upgrade my character
with weapons armor and special abilities
or sacrifice my points to make another
player arbitrarily chuck their drink and
there's also somewhere to keep track of
your trucks on the character sheet as
well it's just super useful and then
drinking Quest is a pretty light
drinking game GG is for quests and a one
chuck request limit side pieces the game
health stops for being a passive ten
minutes kind of free from you do have to
chug a second time in the quest you just
do three swings as an acceptable
substitute that way you can get to the
end of the game again of the game
reversal most points wins or as the
least amount of points loses they also
chuck the most they still have
so that's really nice balance and then
yes we have trilogy Edition here so it's
got seven three to six system to say one
my bigger cards
color cards and a key for at least six
and eight and the bigger box
everything's together right now that's a
really funny video lots of explosions
and then oh I forgot to do a saving for
partner let's say I picked up this card
shower Bevers
it's a saving throw situation you're
drinking a beer in the shower this could
be great or could be terrible for you
the saving throw you just roll all three
dice this particular one is for
tolerance and tolerance is 12 I want to
get 12 or less I'm successful so I drink
the shower beer everything's awesome
I get more hitpoints it's not kind of
buff or something so that's the gameplay
video that's the gist of how it works
yeah